---
layout:     post
title:      Welcome
date:       2015-03-23 15:31:19
author:     Laura Salinas
summary:    Carte Noire is a dark blog theme for Jekyll focusing on a clear reading experience.
categories: jekyll
thumbnail:  roads
tags:
 - welcome
---

WELCOME 

HI Im Laura, a new front-end engineer, who was a middle school math teacher.  

I grew up in Bangor, ME.  I went to school at the University of Maine for elementary education.  I then moved to Boston to go to Simmons college for my masters in middle school math education.  I lived with my now husband, Stephen and his two roommates from MIT.  I started teaching in a classroom in 2012, and learned quickly that not only did I love education but I loved technology.  Unfortunately technology and education do not always go hand in hand.  

In 2015 I decided to change career paths and work in education technology.  I taught myself the basics of frontend web development, HTML and CSS with a small amount of Javascript.  I then became an intern for Kinsights, where I was tasked with helping to re-build the frontend of their website, to make it perform faster.  

There is a lot more to my story and you can find all the details in my blog.   Not only will you learn about me and my decision to change careers and post about things I have learned along the way, but you will see many pictures of my dog (Oliver) and my husband (Stephen), and learn all about our lives in Charlestown MA!  

#### Experience    
Kinsights (logo)    
- Frontend Engineer Intern 2015    
UP Academy Oliver (logo)    
- Founding 6th Grade Math Teacher 2013 - 2015    
Alexander B. Bruce School (logo)   
- 5th Grade Math Teacher 2012 - 2013    
Sylvan (logo)    
- Lead Instructor 2011-2012     
      
#### Education     
UMAINE (logo)    
2006 - 2010    
Simmons (logo)    
2010 - 2011    

#### Skills    
HTML, CSS, Python, Django, Jinja2, JavaScript, Teaching, Curriculum Design,  

